<!--
  ~ Copyright 2012 The Broad Institute, Inc.
  ~ SOFTWARE COPYRIGHT NOTICE
  ~ This software and its documentation are the copyright of the Broad Institute, Inc. All rights are reserved.
  ~
  ~ This software is supplied without any warranty or guaranteed support whatsoever. The Broad Institute is not responsible for its use, misuse, or functionality.
  -->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:t="http://myfaces.apache.org/tomahawk">

    <ui:composition template="/templates/common.xhtml">

        <ui:define name="pageTitle">GenePattern terms and conditions</ui:define>
        <ui:define name="body">
            <h1>TERMS AND CONDITIONS</h1>

            <p>
                Welcome to the public GenePattern server. Use of the GenePattern Web Client, GenePattern server,
                and all modules, pipelines, and suites installed on the server are free for your use. This site
                and results made available through use of this site should not be used for the medical management
                of patients. M.I.T. shall not be held responsible for your use of the site. If you are interested
                in incorporating GenePattern software into another product, or have questions or concerns, please
                contact us.
            </p>

            <p>
                Because we make these modules and pipelines available for free, we cannot bear any risk associated
                with your use of the tools or their results. Further, in order to achieve some protection from
                unexpected and unforeseeable circumstances, MIT must disclaim its liabilities and damages in accordance
                with the laws governing software licensing. Please do not allow this legal requirement to discourage
                your use of the public GenePattern server.
            </p>

            <p>
                MIT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE SOFTWARE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
                INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, AS TO CONFORMITY WITH WHATEVER LITERATURE
                MAY BE ISSUED FROM TIME TO TIME, OR ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE.
                MIT EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AS TO THE ACCURACY OF THE SOFTWARE OR ITS COMPLETENESS OR FITNESS
                FOR ANY PURPOSE. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS A REPRESENTATION MADE OR WARRANTY
                GIVEN BY M.I.T. THAT THE PRACTICE BY YOU OF THE LICENSE GRANTED HEREUNDER SHALL NOT INFRINGE THE
                PATENT RIGHTS, COPYRIGHTS, OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF M.I.T. OR ANY THIRD PARTY.
            </p>

            <p>
                IN NO EVENT SHALL MIT, OR ITS TRUSTEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR
                ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
                LOSS OF GOODWILL, ECONOMIC DAMAGES, OR INJURY TO PROPERTY AND LOST PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER MIT
                SHALL BE ADVISED, SHALL HAVE OTHER REASON TO KNOW, OR IN FACT SHALL KNOW OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THE FOREGOING.
            </p>

            <p>
                If, by operation of law or otherwise, any of the aforementioned warranty disclaimers are determined
                inapplicable, your sole remedy against MIT, regardless of the form of action, including, but not limited
                to, negligence and strict liability, shall be replacement of the Software with an updated version if one
                exists.
            </p>

            <h1>PRIVACY STATEMENT</h1>

            <p>
                In order to use the public GenePattern server, you must first complete the registration form. During
                registration you are required to give contact information (name, email address). We will not share the
                information you provide with anyone else or use it to send information to you about anything not directly
                related to GenePattern.
            </p>

            <p>
                Jobs that you run on this GenePattern Web Client are submitted to the GenePattern server hosted at the
                Broad Institute. The server stores the input files, parameter values, and results of the jobs that you run
                on this site. We do not share this information with other third parties. We may aggregate and analyze log
                file and database information to determine how the GenePattern software is being used in order to enhance
                its performance and functionality, including examining jobs and results.
            </p>

            <p>
                If you choose to add yourself to the GenePattern users mailing list, we will send you information pertaining to
                GenePattern on rare occasions. For instance, we may notify you of an upcoming release or if our service is
                temporarily suspended for maintenance. You may opt-out of these communications by choosing to unsubscribe from
                the mailing list.
            </p>

            <p>
                If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the GenePattern
                web site (<a href="http://genepattern.org/">http://genepattern.org/</a>), and other
                places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
                circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If we
                make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on the GenePattern
                web site.
            </p>
        </ui:define>

    </ui:composition>
</html>
